== ujs

This is a very simple Unobtrusive Javascript (ujs) example. It was a hassle
to set it up, and I wanted to document all the pieces carefully. In my 
experience, you sit there for a long time looking at a site which doesn't
trigger Javascript in the Javascript console, until all the pieces are
precisely in place.

The pieces are:

1) Make sure that 'jquery-rails' (2.1) and 'jquery-ui-rails' are added to the
Gemfile (the latter is in the assets subgroup).

2) Make sure that the following is in app/assets/javascripts/application.js:

//= require jquery
//= require jquery_ujs

3) In app/views/people/index.html.erb:

<%= link_to "Showing all (toggle)", people_path(:admin => true), :remote => true, :id => 'toggle' %>
<ul id='people'>
  <%= render @people %>
</ul>

You can call this with http://whatever/people
to get started. The remote tag will get converted to data-remote="true",
which is the piece which will trigger the javascript.

4) In app/views/people/index.js.erb:

<% link_text = params[:admin] ? "Admins" : "All" %>
<% href = params[:admin] ? people_path : people_path(:admin => true) %>
$("#toggle").html("Displaying <%= link_text %> (toggle)");
$("#toggle").attr("href", "<%= href %>");
$("#people").html('<%= escape_javascript(render @people) %>');

The first line is just a string which will be used to label what is going
on. The second determines which URL is going to get called. Note that the
second line will toggle back and forth, depending on the presence of
params[:admin]. The third line updates the link which is created in 
line 4, and the 5th line calls the javascript.

5) In app/controllers/people_controller.rb:

class PeopleController < ApplicationController
  def index
    @people = params[:admin] ? Person.where(:admin => true) : Person.all
    respond_to do |format|
      format.html # index.html.erb
      format.js # index.js.erb
    end
  end
end

and one thing I learned is that the "format.js" must be js, not json.
json is somehow required by the JQueryUI Autocomplete example, which is 
different. (I need to understand why that is) I did not implement the XML
option.

Rails 3.1 and forward do not require the old file rails.js as long as the
asset pipeline is enabled.

6) In config/routes.rb, you have this:

Ujs::Application.routes.draw do
  resources :people

At first, the application kept calling the HTML link over and over again.
This showed me that the Javascript wasn't getting triggered somehow.
